[Applause]
this is nikkah be here with a let's play
I have no I fucking idea what this is
what are you guys posted this link in
the comment less xeriscape video and I
knew within 5 seconds of playing it that
I had to help you this cuz God dang it
it's just amazing it's everything I've
ever wanted in a game right here yeah
this is supposed to I don't know I
didn't get the context of this game it's
all in Japanese as you can see like oh
no it's ooodle
it's in zero junior so yes it's loosely
related to zero escape I don't know what
what it is how do you read with my
what's my choice here I don't know I
just pick the first one
good you picked a good one
Oh whoever's gonna be part of this
somehow with me of fun alright alright
that's right hurry ready guys he's gonna
blow your fucking mind oh don't worry
hurry you must smack the door open all
right going
Sigma yes yes I smacked the door open
with the Paul my hands and also smack
the shit out of Cobras boobs no let's
keep going I've I've only been that
first one and apparently there's still
more I really wanted to I want to know
what the hell that thing is saying do we
prove it
I'll see you do pom-pom ooh be punching
power why are you stopping Sigma for
smacking my boobs I don't know I don't
fucking know perhaps like wait wait wait
a good good job when you smack the
cleavage this game is like really want
to make a game about and on itself about
I like it they want to make a game about
clueless boos now I could have done this
for the 999 game oh god she's gonna be
wearing this done
yeah oh now come on come on I can't
you know there's oh my yeah this is
fucking ridiculous how am I gonna do
this
oh I can't do something there's no way I
can use my index finger oh no oh fuck I
failed I passed you clever yeah I
fucking failed
it's alright imma try again if that's
with it no what the hell is that
no no no don't redirect me yeah track in
there just are all over what's the
second one dude
oh my try again just damn it alright
this is oh it's gonna be a Alice or
something exactly fucking great
come on baby
now
[Music]
what is the context here seriously you
know this was made by some really creepy
creepy Japanese guy living in his
basement read he was feverishly
masturbating oh okay all right here we
go hurry up
my thumb now ready ready oh stop waiting
at my face over there's no freaking way
oh sorry distracted you distracted me I
was gonna get at that time you fuck me
up
this is speed at which the other person
is furiously masturbating
yes and just like that every every man's
owner was immediately just killed
complement congratulations you've got
boobs what would you like to play again
is that what this is asking me oh fuck
that
I smacked clovers underwear off you know
that was totally bad hand
that was definitely fucking Sigma does
any of you guys speak Japanese have any
idea what this is what was the context
here so I would love to know really I
don't even know what the name of this
game is I'm just gonna call it flash
zero skip flash game but I've no idea
what you call hey hope you'll enjoy this
moment of weirdness like read and
subscribe that upworthy up a desert sign
the visitors funny in the boobies are
always getting smacked let's be on our
way we've all thought about doing that
at Clover at some point just but every
bride a big metal door and then smacking
that door open with our bare hand
because you know that's humanly possible
and then smacking this but then just
explain oh hey I'm doing it to open the
door but I also differently smacked your
boobs in the process I'm sorry about
that
oh it's okay it was later anyway of
course you were you dirty whore you
dirty dirty dirty dude I thought there's
gonna be like a I thought she had a
bonus level like a super hard I mean
nothing that other wasn't already hard
but even a harder level
like Alice that's like the fucking
impossible Evernote level no to beat
why did k-space appear anyway till next
time guys stay or knee